This project’s purpose is to create an environment in which physics students and teachers can join an experimentation environment where they can carry out physics experiments regarding light rays using physics and mathematical equations. It is a solution for online teaching courses that do not have a physical classroom where they carry out such investigations such as how refraction and reflection work, this project acts as a solution to this problem by allowing the teacher to host the environment and allow students to connect to the environment.

The main problem when teaching online is that either the teacher has already completed the experiments and uploads screenshots or they record the experiment live, the problem with this is that it’s hard to comprehend what’s going on as to see the light rays you must be in a dark room and it hard for cameras to clearly show what going on, another problem teachers of online courses may face is they may not have access to a lab or the lab may have limited equipment so you can’t fully explain and explore the properties of light rays. Another problem with teaching online is the lack of engagement how easily distracted students can get by having an environment where they can engage and actively see.

The project's solution to this is a studio in which a teacher, the host, will be able to control and manipulate light rays using different intensity light sources and objects with different refractive indexes, angles at which the light rays enter the objects, and the density change of two objects and the ability to experiment on the properties of light rays. The students should be able to join the host but cannot access the environment (but can generate their environment) and will only be able to see the relay of what the teacher is doing. A chat box will be implemented to allow them to communicate with the host. Problems Students encounter is they may not fully understand what is going on during the experiment or need more time to experiment with the different concepts this project will allow students to not feel ashamed to spend more time experimenting as they can open their studio and investigate further privately. Finally, this project will not only benefit online lessons but also an in-person lesson as the environment will act as a system without any external interference disrupting the results of your experiments.
